#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrartcl
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{microtype}
\addtokomafont{disposition}{\rmfamily}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans lmss
\font_typewriter lmtt
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 0.75in
\topmargin 0.6in
\rightmargin 0.75in
\bottommargin 0.6in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation 0bp
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Requirement Analysis and Specification Document
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Philippe Scorsolini,
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Lorenzo Semeria,
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Gabriele Vanoni
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subject
Politecnico di Milano, A.Y.
 2016/2017
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

M.Sc.
 programme in Computer Science and Engineering
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Software Engineering 2 Project
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
PowerEnJoy is a car-sharing service that exclusively employs electric cars.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Users must have an account on the online platform to be able to access the
 service.
 It is possible via the mobile app or directly via a web browser to look
 for available cars within a certain distance from user current location
 (possibly tracked by GPS) or from a specified address.
 Once selected a car the user can book it for up to one hour before the
 picking up.
 Rates are calculated based on time spent driving and cars must be parked
 in pre-defined safe areas, some of which are prepared with power grids.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The management system encourages eco sustainability and best practices with
 a 
\shape italic
bonus-malus
\shape default
 method.
 For examples there are discounts for car pooling and extra charges for
 users that park far from power grid stations or leave the battery very
 low.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Actors
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Idea of the implementation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A server will provide business logic and databases, sending dynamic web
 pages to the web app and anwering the queries coming from the mobile app.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In particular the server and the web app will be implemented in JEE with
 a SQL relational database.
 The mobile app will be compatible with both Android and iOS.
 However other mobile platforms will be able to access services through
 web browser via the web app, that will have a mobile theme.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Etc
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
